---
layout: post
title:  "Us and Them"
date:   2017-03-08 14:49:11 +0200
categories:
---

1. Give back:
   1. Build an hands-on Meetup for Elixir/Golang Git/Docker/CD (heavy ops are out
      of scope) in Beersheva. registered under the company name. be prepeared
      for 10 first meetups with the content.
   2. Think of a non profit intiative for coding and launch it, until 08.05.2017.
   3. talkes: lifelong kindergaurden, philosophy of real world data, learning
      how to learn.

   4. elixir development hands-on meetup 6
      1. basics of the functional language
      2. elixir school ...

   4. web development hands-on meetup - 12 meetups covers:
      1. phoenix as MVC and diffrent approaches to web development.
      2. protocoles http, verbs, etc..(crud)
      2. creating first pages.
      3. modeling the data, (ecto and friends).
      4. correct api development.
      5. intro to testing and the plug + conn object.
      6. front-end with polymer
      7. getting to know nodejs
      9. file uploades.
      10. contnious integration and deployment to heroku.
      11. debugging.

  4. advanced web (phoenix) development hands-on 6 meetups covers:
     1. genserver and more into otp and erlang.
     2. umbrella projects.
     3. geolocation services.
     8. real time web development.
     6. exploring databases (graph/elasticsearch/rethinkdb/mongo).

   4. Data driven develoment hands-on meetup - 12 meetups covers:
      1. meaningful testing - part 2.
      2. analytics and why they are importent.
      3. strategies and real world examples of apps with analytics.
      4. integrating with analytics providers.
      5. meaningful logging.
      7. individuales in organizations and data culture.
      8. high volume and performance data engineering solutions.

2. public projects in Elixir/Golang:
    1. Accounts: smart accounts systems for user authentication and analytics.
    2. digit-recognizer - tutorial for digit recognizer in Golang.
    3. elixir nerves - IoT with elixir and nerve - do a cool project.
